프로그램을 알게 된 이유
I should have had a career counseling in school. 
My counselor recommended this program to me and I thought it was a good opportunity.

왜 이 프로그램에 지원했는지
The reason why I applied for this program was that I wanted to go abroad and experience 
something that I couldn't experience in Korea.

장점과 단점
My strengths is good interpersonal skills
I'm good at cooperation.
When I work on a graduation project with my team, 
Two people have been out of the project for personal reasons.
I can make a good teamwork and produce good results.
But I managed to lead the rest well and made good results 
and I was able to graduate soon.

My weakness is that i get stress easily.
but I tried to overcome this and as a result I can keeping mind and stay calm.

  My weaknesses is that I'm vulnerable to stress.
But I realized that this weakness was a critical problem and tried to overcome it.
Through my experience with the military and interns, 
I learned how to manage my mind peacefully, and when I came to college, 
I was able to maintain a more peaceful mind with the <a class="note" href="activity.html">hobby of dancing</a>.
              
스스로 가장 인상깊었던 경험은 무엇인지?
I remember the most impressive thing when I was working on my college graduation project.
Originally, our graduation work team consisted of 4 people.
However, the project we were working on had a hard time as two people went out.
Nevertheless, we did not give up and eventually completed the development.

운전 가능한지
제가 운전면허를 딴지는 오래됬는데 운전 시작한진 별로 안됫어용
Yes, It's actually been quite a long time since I got my driver's license.
But, it's hasn't been very long since I really started driving.
It is only after ~ 
It is not untill ~ 
It was only after I started working that I needed to drive.
It took some time, once I got used to parking, it wasn't that hard
머리로 지식 증가 -> familiar with
몸으로 터득 got used to ~

근무 경력
저는 아르바이트 경험이 두번정도 있습니다. 하나는 레스토랑 홀서빙 및 백도어였고 하나는 편의점에서 종업원이었습니다.
아르바이트 당시 힘든 점으로는 여러 주문을 받고나서 메뉴를 기억 하기 쉽지 않아 실수가 잦았던 것이 있습니다.
저는 그것을 극복하기 위해 수첩을 들고다니면서 조금 느리더라도 정확하게 주문을 받을 수 있도록 했습니다.

I have a part time job experience about two times. One was restaurant hall serving and backdoor, and the other was employees at convenience stores.
One of the difficulties in my part-time job at the restaurant was that I made many mistakes because it was not easy to remember the menu after receiving several orders.
But I took a notebook to get over it, so I could get an order right, even if it was a little slow.

이 전공을 선택한 이유
I started to have interest in computers when I assembled a computer that I bought with my younger brother.
And after I went to the department of computer engineering, I was interested in development 
by encountering programming practice and theory.

목표
My goal is to become an expert in this field. 
In the future, I want to work with IT experts.
To achieve my dream, I am studying English and major hard.